#351 Reference Support Matrix in install guides to inform users of possible version incompatibilities (#449)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.5/pages-for-subheaders/installation-requirements.md

:::note Important:

If you install Rancher on a Kubernetes cluster, requirements are different from the [node requirements for downstream user clusters,](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/node-requirements-for-rancher-managed-clusters.md) which will run your apps and services.

:::

The Rancher UI works best in Firefox or Chromium based browsers (Chrome, Edge, Opera, Brave, etc).

See our page on [best practices](../reference-guides/best-practices/rancher-server/tips-for-running-rancher.md) for a list of recommendations for running a Rancher server in production.

## Kubernetes Compatibility with Rancher

Rancher needs to be installed on a supported Kubernetes version. Consult the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/rancher-v2-5-0/) to ensure that your intended version of Kubernetes is supported.

## Operating Systems and Container Runtime Requirements

All supported operating systems are 64-bit x86. Rancher should work with any modern Linux distribution.

> The [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/rancher-v2-5-0/) lists which OS and Docker versions were tested for each Rancher version.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-5-16/) lists which OS and Docker versions were tested for each Rancher version.
```

For the container runtime, K3s should work with any modern version of Docker or containerd.

> Rancher needs to be installed on a supported Kubernetes version. To find out which versions of Kubernetes are supported for your Rancher version, refer to the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/rancher-v2-5-0/). To specify the K3s version, use the INSTALL_K3S_VERSION environment variable when running the K3s installation script.

Author: ```suggestion
Rancher needs to be installed on a supported Kubernetes version. To find out which versions of Kubernetes are supported for your Rancher version, refer to the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-5-16/). To specify the K3s version, use the INSTALL_K3S_VERSION environment variable when running the K3s installation script.
```

_The RKE2 install is available as of v2.5.6._

> For details on which OS versions were tested with RKE2, refer to the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/rancher-v2-5-0/).

Author: ```suggestion
For details on which OS versions were tested with RKE2, refer to the [Rancher support matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-5-16/).
```
